I'll introduce our app, the Crowded.
So What is it?
It gives information about how crowded a tourist spot almost in real time.

Then why are we make this app?
Because in thesedays, a lot of information is in the internet.
But it's hard to know how crowded in some place in real time when I wanted.

Some people want to go crowded place, but others don't want.
In my case, I prefer place that are not crowded.
So I need this app. The Crowded.
The travelers who want more comfortable and peaceful place are our target.

Then how to use?
Step 1, choose the location.
if not, you can also use GPS.

Step 2, check the congestion.
Like Green, Orange and Red
it will be expressed in an easy-to-understandable like traffic light.

Step 3, check the hot deal, only in Crowded.
This is a special deal offered by business owners.
That would be a really cheap price.
The Policy can be set by the operating side and can be changed,
but we expect a discount rate of more than 50%.

We offer a benefit for both traveler and business.
Traveler can get a information about how crowded in some place
and can get really cheap product.
Business can be used for a long time by paying a one-time installation cost.
It will make increasing incomes and give them ability to create demographics.
Finally all be a winner.

In this hackathon, there is no camera installed.
So I need a lot of picture about humans.
To take photograph, I went around the various teams in the hackathon
and asked for permission before taking pictures.

Finally this is a breif flow chart.
Setting up the environment using Azure was very challenging.
We talked like shit.
The two days of work broke my mentality.
However, from the second day onwards, after identifying products
such as Power app, everything started to work out easily.
The build went very quickly, and the team that was hostile to Azure turned into a favourite.

We used power app which can make app with less code but more productive.
And we used the Object Detection service, an AI solution that is easily accessible in Azure.
It's amazing that I can create a fully functional AI service with only 43 lines of code.
The backend could be deployed in a easy way with very little code.
We only had to think about the logical code. Super!!

The result is easy to accessible, easy to use.
It could give benefit to all.
Thank you for listening.
